docs/index.md, before:

---
title: Welcome
description: Creative Intelligence Suite - Innovation, brainstorming, and problem-solving
---

# Creative Intelligence Suite

A collection of agents and workflows for innovation, brainstorming, design thinking, and creative problem-solving.

---

## What is CIS?

The Creative Intelligence Suite (CIS) extends BMad Method with tools for the fuzzy front-end of development—where ideas are born, problems are reframed, and solutions emerge through structured creativity.

## Available Agents

| Agent/Workflow | Purpose |
|---------------|---------|
| **Innovation Strategist** | Identify disruption opportunities and business model innovation |
| **Design Thinking Coach** | Human-centered design through empathy, ideation, and prototyping |
| **Brainstorming Coach** | Facilitate creative ideation sessions with proven techniques |
| **Problem Solver** | Systematic problem diagnosis and root cause analysis |
| **Creative Problem Solver** | Generate creative solutions using lateral thinking |
| **Storyteller** | Craft compelling narratives for products and features |
| **Presentation Master** | Structure and deliver persuasive presentations |

---

## Quick Links

| Section | Purpose |
| ------- | ------- |
| **[Tutorials](/tutorials/)** | Get started with CIS workflows |
| **[How-To Guides](/how-to/)** | Practical guides for specific tasks |
| **[Explanation](/explanation/)** | Learn how CIS works |
| **[Reference](/reference/)** | Technical reference |

---

## Community

- **[Discord](https://discord.gg/gk8jAdXWmj)** — Share your creative breakthroughs
- **[GitHub](https://github.com/bmad-code-org/bmad-module-creative-intelligence-suite)** — Source code and issues
- **[BMad Method Docs](https://docs.bmad-method.org)** — Core framework documentation

Commit message:

Docs: Add comprehensive CIS documentation following Diátaxis framework
- Tutorials: Getting Started guide
- How-to guides: Brainstorm, Design Thinking, Innovation Strategy, Problem Solving, Storytelling
- Reference: Agents, Configuration, Workflows
- Explanation: Brainstorming Techniques, Creative Intelligence, Design Thinking Phases, Innovation Frameworks

docs/index.md, after:

---
title: Welcome
description: Creative Intelligence Suite - Innovation, brainstorming, and problem-solving
---

# Creative Intelligence Suite

A collection of agents and workflows for innovation, brainstorming, design thinking, and creative problem-solving.

---

## What is CIS?

The Creative Intelligence Suite (CIS) extends BMad Method with tools for the fuzzy front-end of development—where ideas are born, problems are reframed, and solutions emerge through structured creativity.

## Available Agents

| Agent/Workflow | Purpose |
|---------------|---------|
| **Innovation Strategist** | Identify disruption opportunities and business model innovation |
| **Design Thinking Coach** | Human-centered design through empathy, ideation, and prototyping |
| **Brainstorming Coach** | Facilitate creative ideation sessions with proven techniques |
| **Problem Solver** | Systematic problem diagnosis and root cause analysis |
| **Creative Problem Solver** | Generate creative solutions using lateral thinking |
| **Storyteller** | Craft compelling narratives for products and features |
| **Presentation Master** | Structure and deliver persuasive presentations |

---

## Quick Links

| Section | Purpose |
| ------- | ------- |
| **[Tutorials](/tutorials/)** | Get started with CIS workflows |
| **[How-To Guides](/how-to/)** | Practical guides for specific tasks |
| **[Explanation](/explanation/)** | Learn how CIS works |
| **[Reference](/reference/)** | Technical reference |

---

## Getting Started

New to CIS? Start with the [Getting Started tutorial](/tutorials/getting-started.md) to learn how to:

- Install CIS with BMad Method
- Run your first brainstorming session
- Apply design thinking to user challenges
- Develop innovation strategies
- Solve problems systematically
- Craft compelling stories

---

## Community

- **[Discord](https://discord.gg/gk8jAdXWmj)** — Share your creative breakthroughs
- **[GitHub](https://github.com/bmad-code-org/bmad-module-creative-intelligence-suite)** — Source code and issues
- **[BMad Method Docs](https://docs.bmad-method.org)** — Core framework documentation
